 👋 Hi, I’m @Sattikee, an enthusiastic and passionate Data Analyst with proficiency in analysing data for driving business solutions, skilled in
 Opportunity assessment, Requirements structuring and Solution Designing. 
 I have proficient knowledge of statistical algorithms along with model building experience, good understanding of business logics and analytical tools 
 for effective data analysis and model building procedure.
 
 Motivated and strong business analyst professional who regularly exceeds business expectations by giving attention to detail in all matters of project's interest.
 
A few of my sample projects are here.

Live Project 1: 
MLR Model - “There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.” and there are lots of factors involved when we move on to purchase a new house. 
On the current scenario of price inflation it is becoming extremely difficult to for a middle class family to afford an apartment with all the necessary facilities 
within a proper budget. So this project is an attempt to determine the most influential factors to be taken into consideration while purchasing a new residence
within a given budget.


Live Project 2:
The client’s organization is a leading player in the Diagnostic Equipment industry and is present across the world. They sell wide range of diagnostic equipment 
including CT scans, Mammography machines etc. Their key customers include diagnostic centers, multi-specialty hospitals, veterinary hospitals etc, who buy the 
equipment for patient diagnosis. This engagement is specifically targeted to Sales to plan out sales strategies and operational techniques more effectively,
and to assess the need for a product. 
Based on whether they have specific equipment, incumbent vendor and new need they strategize sales plan to crack the deal, the objective of this analysis 
is to identify the areas of high risk of deal loss, understand the key scenarios of deal win and provide suggestions to the sales excellence team 
in order to boost the probability of winning a deal.


Live Project 3: 
Prediction Model - to increase the number of child birth as well as successful deliveries of pregnant women: To provide a regression-based model 
with desired accuracy for prediction of a successful delivery by a pregnant woman. The module involved steps such as data processing, 
exploratory data analysis, variable selection, classification algorithms, model validation, 
Targeted Marketing - Developed campaign plan to target a particular focused target group to get aggressive revenue, automated engagement 
plans/schedules of email and message triggers with different educational messages and diagnostic/ultrasonographic test combo offers at 
different stages within the pregnancy period (Strategic planning for customer retention and also trying to re-engage dormant customers)


Live Project 4:
Forecasting Model - to create a proper business path to engage patients: Developed and implemented a time series-based model for detecting 
the perfect target group in E-commerce platform and extracting an aggressive revenue for the client. Data preprocessing, Data validation, Trend and 
seasonality analysis based on purchase behavior of patients, Validation of goodness of model, error analysis are the main objectives of this analysis.

Live Project 5:
Developed a project on Regression Analysis as Growth of the Population in the World: A regression based study on the factors affecting 
population growth in different countries in 2016. 
Brief: Different factors affecting the population growth of different countries have been explored and a suitable model has been suggested 
to explain the population growth of a country for a specified year. The explanatory variables that are taken into account are birth rate, 
mortality rate, net migration, human development index, contraceptive prevalence rate, gross domestic product.

